How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
We can easily identify what modifications were done to the program and in that way we can restore the app or program to a previous state.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
It help me be a better programmer because I am able to compare old programs that I wrote and with that I can remember helpful pieces of codes that I can reuse in the future.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
It's good to be able to commit manually because you have a better organization of the code changes, whereas if the commit gets executed automatically maybe it will happen when there wasn't enough significant changes. A disadvantage of manual commits is that you can lose all your changes if, for any reason, you have a power supply fail, on the other hand, if you commit automatically you can be sure that the lost in the case of power issues will not be huge.  

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Because Google Docs is mostly used to write independent documents whereas Git can be used when writing programs that involve many files like HTML, CSS, JavaScript files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
We can use these commands to see the insertions and deletions of the code, in thay way we can identify what modifications have been made between the two commits.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
It will help me advance secure when coding because now I know how to return to a previous state in case something went wrong.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to use Git Bash for Android.